the hello and welcome to
we want myvideo of magnesium today
look at us as we actually at the
Giving the between gear come
or actually like her sooner
looks like the others as well
for example, give the place or even
the caddy konz makes it so it's one
items can be used in order to
our home instance this item
to be able to break down
Here you can see the origins of the
wahnsinns is complicated with the
success of the update the origins of the
madness and this meter successes
we have to complete that means eg
bus driver body is a great
possibility fast and not fast
then reasonably easy actually
to succeed and we have to
just the item then in the inventory
as soon as eleven have been done
for this meter people use and
then go to our home instance
because there appears naturally to the
is in the text and was so far with the
other doctors gave or gave ada too
but so came because you then have in yours
home instance permanently a vein her
one could just break down on the day and
candy coninx and you 're right
then you can use these gears gears
for a variety of things
especially to update the krohn
Jubilee of the queen have appeared around
to make the portals or
other stuff for this heals gears
Needed well that was it too
already if you have questions then
can you tell me this in the comments
ask and ask otherwise have to the home
Instances then just search on mine
page
after a home instance video there
should you all informations home
Instances or record diverse
see if you just give one
gift of the father or the hospital
well I hope you have that again
please, and we'll see you there
next time out
the 2nd